- [x] Earlier implementation had fixed bug from TUI input in interactive chats. However now the input is written only in one row instead that it would span to multiple rows like in the normal text areas. Also text in input area renders strangely if user want to modify already written text.

- [ ] tmus_tester in pipelines/parallel-illumination-to-implementation/ should not always run the same somke tests instead it should think which tests to run, and which aspects to focus it's attention based on what was actually implemented. Still it should also verify that basic functions work and nothing has broken after the implemented change.

- [x] As a user I often write same prompts again and again in interactive chats in pipelines. Classic examples are that I ask the interactive chat agent to read source code to get context to my questions and it's answers or that I ask it to explain something more simply and vvisually. There should be a mechanism that analyses user prompts in interactive chats and if same kind of prompt is entered multiple times (for example >10) the interactive chat's agent's system prompt should be updated with some mechanism or even better the agent should ask user should it update it's own system prompt. However, this is very context dependent and sysystem prompt modifications should spesific of pipelines where intearcitve chat agent is part of and tasks the project is demanding. The tasks might change over time even if the pipeline would stay the same so probably the whole system prompt should be updated if repetitive prompts are recognised.

- [x] When in interactive chat nodes I alost always ask these questions. "What is?" -> To see what where injected, "study the source code / workspace in order to get context" -> Otherwise chat agent can halluzinate, "Explain simply and verify your each claim from the source code / workspace. Visual explanations are gold." -> Usually agent just assumes that I know exactly what is happening in the codebase or what was the latest change but actually I don't know what might be going on. That's why one of the agent most important task would be as clear as possible and explain the way that I can understand the problems and changes and what is happening in the source code with cognitive ease without guess work or repetitve questions or prompts for chat agent to go deeper. There fore we should think how interactive chat's could be made more grounded and help the user to undersand what is happening. The one goal of the interactive sessions are to help give user the context to understand what is going on without making him exhausted.


- [x] There should be a notification feateure when pipeline is done for user. User might not be constantly watching the pipeline run because those can run for hours. However there should be a notification message when pipeline have finished the run or hit's human in the loop gate that needs human decision making. Win for this feature is that human does not have to go back and forth to check different pipeline runs and their status the notification would tell him when it's time to make new decisions.

- [x] When inputting text in the interactive chat, the inputted text behaves strangely if user tries to go back with arrow keys to modify the earlier already written message in input area. Also often when the input text hits the sides of input area certain way the output in terminal starts to dublicate with every new key stroke. These bugs should be investigated and fixed.
